new tool: autocheese (#1374)
DFHack/scripts: docs/autocheese.rst

autocheese
==========

.. dfhack-tool::

>     :summary: Automatically make cheese using barrels that have accumulated sufficient milk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :summary: Schedule cheese making jobs based on milk reserves.
```

Reviewer: These short descriptions have a target length of ~53 chars.

    :tags: fort auto

> Cheese making is difficult to automate using work orders, because a single job
> can consume anything from a bucket was a single unit of milk to barrel
> containing up to 100 units of milk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cheese making is difficult to automate using work orders. A single job
can consume anything from a bucket with a single unit of milk to a barrel
with 100 units of milk. This makes it hard to predict how much cheese will
actually be produced by an automated order.
```
